There is one special phenomenon among the portamento.
It is often found in folk songs or dramatic folk songs.
For example, the waves are facing up or down during the notes.
It is a portamento that swings the voice down or up.
This is a song from my work, Kaya no Mi.
Please sing it.
In the field of the forest, I picked up the fruit of the shell.
I picked up the fruit of the shell.
The portamento is one of the most common phenomena of sound.
It is the same as the form of walking with strength.
The portamento is a form of walking with strength.
I will sing a song from my work, Kampo no Sakutoro.
I will return again in the morning.
Kampo, Kampo, the shore of the river.
The summer has come.